fix: Restore the issue template & add a feature request template (#2644)
Amsterdam/design-system: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest a new component, feature, or improvement
title: ""
labels: enhancement
---

<!-- @license CC0-1.0 -->

Thanks for sharing your idea!
Tell us as much as you can, and we'll help fill in the rest.

## What would you like to see?

Describe your idea, and the problem it solves if there is one.
For example: "I'm always frustrated when ...".

## Anything else?

> Alternatives you've already considered, screenshots, references, or links to designs in Figma are all welcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tell us as much as you can, and we’ll help fill in the rest.

## What would you like to see?

Describe your idea, and the problem it solves if there is one.

## Anything else?

Alternatives you’ve already considered, screenshots, references, or links to designs in Figma are all welcome.
```

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest a new component, feature, or improvement
title: ""
labels: enhancement

> assignees: ""

Reviewer 2: Maybe auto assign the maintainers?

Author: Maybe a good idea. Or maybe not, if we don’t want to automatically “pick up” any submitted issue. What do you think @VincentSmedinga?

Author: I’ve removed the empty assignees entry altogether.

---

<!-- @license CC0-1.0 -->

Thank you for contributing to the Amsterdam Design System!
Please describe your idea so we can understand the problem it solves.

## Problem

(What problem are you trying to solve? For example: "I'm always frustrated when ...". Skip this if your request is not related to a problem.)

## Proposed solution

(Describe what you would like to happen.)

## Alternatives considered

(Describe any alternative solutions or workarounds you have considered.)

## Additional context

(Add anything else that helps, such as screenshots, references, or links to designs in Figma.)

## Checklist

> - [ ] I searched existing issues and discussions for a similar request.

Author: Perhaps add a reminder that submitters should have done a little bit more research than just looking at existing issues and discussions:

```suggestion
- [ ] I searched existing issues and discussions for a similar request.
- [ ] I explored other ways to achieve what I want with [existing components and the documentation](https://designsystem.amsterdam/?path=/docs/docs-introduction--docs).
```
